hello friends with you elena
krasovskaya consider now processing
zippers
stitches with offset from the fold of the fabric in
In this case, the clasp can be processed
this way when 1 fold of fabric
located near the tape links
zipper closure and provides free
passage of the fastener lock and the second fold
Cloth closes two rows of zipper links
in this case, you need to impose
zipper
in this way and scribble
there is another way that we
consider now
to do the processing we need
ordinary spiral braid zipper and
social foot for stitching
lightning she can be different look
your sewing machine and so for processing
fasteners
First you need to stitch the product cuts
put in an open area for
stitching the fastener then sweep over the cut
or process it in some other way.
It is important to note that allowances for cut
the fasteners must be at least
two centimeters two two and a half
centimeter
further neatly smoothing the reforging
our you they can first sweep the seam
Later you will come when you start and if
the fabric responds well to you
sure your neck skills can
do without this stage
the seams we already accurately define the line
fold the fabric to process
fold-away zipper
fabrics accordingly need
iron out or sweep the back
side seam allowance
cut so that the edges
the cut went about 35 or meters
over the mid- fold line like this
the way the zipper in the finished product will be
imperceptibly from the front
continue to serve dinner and cut put
and pin the tape zipper can
tack preliminary so that fold
the fabric was about to ring the tape
without closing them provided free
passage lock fastener
using a special foot for
stitching in zipper
noticeable fastener for this open
lock and start making the line reaching
dogs gently to raise the foot
bring the doggie lock to the other side
and continue the line like this
not forgetting the end did not start the point
we set the clips
aligning the line on the middle of the pride of
the second side of the cut pin to 2
stay away from mom do n't grab
we fasten fabric
zip to allowance depending
You can skip this step from the product but
for clarity, I'll show it
I tack the first line and
line up close to the braid
mummies do not grab him link
place a second line of mop-up
letter and zipper and otstrochit it by
mark the line on this line
You can for example using a non-log soap
or
basting line also start line
need to open the braid zipper started
stitches to make a bolster and then reaching
to the castle dog
also lift up foot translate
the other side debugging dogs
continue making a markup point
below cut to make a line either
diagonally or at right angles
fasten allowance for fastener processing
zippers located in the seams
offset from the fold of the fabric can
take it all good with you
I was lucky Arina Krasovskaya